=       git-topic

+git-topic+ is a git command to help with a particular kind of workflow, in which
all work is written by an author, and reviewed by someone else.

Units of work are organized into _topics_.  Conceptually _topics_ are similar to
git branches, except that they are namespaced, either in _wip_ (work in
progress), _review_ or _rejected_.

Authors begin by _working\ on_ a topic.  When they are done, they indicate the
topic is ready for _review_.  A reviewer then either _accepts_ the topic (merges
into master) or _rejects_ the topic, usually with comments.

This is all fairly easy to do with policy, e.g. by indicating the state of a
topic by the name of its branch.  +git-topic+ helps to automate one particular
policy.


=       Requirements

* +git-topic+ has only been tested on debian flavours of linux.  Other unix-like
  environments should work.
* git >= 1.7.1        (older versions may work, sans comment[s] commands)
* ruby >= 1.9.2-rc1   (older versions may work)


=       Workflow
==      Workflow in brief
===     Doing Work

1.      Create a topic branch in the wip namespace.
2.      Do some work.
3.      Rebase to create a nice commit history.
4.      Push to the review namespace.  If the wip branch was pushed (e.g.
        because you work on multiple machines) destroy it on the remote.

1.      Create a local branch from a rejected branch.
2.      Do some work, resolve the reviewer's issues.
3.      go to step 3, above.

===     Reviewing

1.          Create a local branch from a review branch somebody else pushed.
2.          Review their work.
3.          either:
  a.i::     Accept; merge (fast-forward) master
   ii::     Destroy the review branch. 
  b::       Reject; add notes and push to the rejected namespace and remove from
            the review namespace.


==      Workflow with git-topic
===     Doing Work

    # Work on a (possibly new, possibly rejected) topic
    git topic work-on <topic>

    # done with topic; push it for someone to review
    git topic done [<topic>]


===     Reviewing

    # see if we have any topics to review (or rejected topics to fix up)
    git topic status

    git topic review [<topic>]

    # happy with the review, get it into master
    git topic accept

    # unhappy with the review
    # edit files to add file-specific comments (see +git-topic+ +comment+
    # +--help+ for details).
   
    # save your file specific comments, and launch an editor to enter general
    # comments about the topic.
    git topic comment

    # push the topic to rejected.
    git topic reject

===     Again, but with aliases

    # first install aliases
    #   add --local if you don't want to update your global aliases
    git topic install-aliases

    # alternatively
    git work-on <topic>

    # see reviewer's comments
    git comments

    # finished, submit work
    git done


    # does status --prepend so you get git status output as well as git topic
    # status
    git st

    # alternatively
    #   git r <topic>
    git review <topic>

    git accept
    # or
    git comment
    git reject


==      Commenting
===     Reviewer Comments

When initially rejecting a branch, the reviewer can, and should, write comments
explaining why the branch was rejected.  These fall into two categories:
+genera+ and +line-specific+ comments.  To make line-specific comments easier,
the reviewer can add comments directly in source files before invoking +git+
+comment+.

Each line of those annotations should begin with a pound sign.  +git+ +comment+
will convert these comments into formatted plain text.  Paragraphs are
automatically formatted, but indented lines are left intact.  So, for instance,
editing +foo.rb+ from

    def foo
      x = initial_value_of_x
      x.change!
    end

to

    # This is an exciting name for a function, but I fear it is perhaps not as
    # descriptive as it could be.  And this comment is a little long, but I
    # think it's to make the point that source comments are automatically
    # formatted.  In any case, how about
    #
    #    def a_much_better_function_name
    #        excellent_implementation
    #    end
    # 
    def foo
      x = initial_value_of_x
      x.change!
    end

and then invoking +git+ +comment+ will format the above paragraph, annotated
with +git+ +config+ +user.name+ and wrapped, but leaving the indented lines
unformatted.

The actual changes to +foo.rb+ will then be discarded.  +git+ +comment+ tries
hard not to discard non-comment changes and will do nothing if any of the output
of +git+ +diff+ reports lines that do not meet the above format.

After the diff comments have been applied, +git+ +comment+ will start an
instance of your +EDITOR+ so you can write general comments.

===     Responding to Comments

The author can view the reviewer's comments with +git+ +comments+, and reply
with +git+ +comment+.  The latter will start an instance of their +EDITOR+,
from which replies can be made inline.

==      Bash autocompletion

See +git-topic+ +--completion-help+ for details.  In short, you have to do some
manual work, because loading completions as a gem is too slow (see Misc, below,
and ruby issue 3465[1]).

1.  Make sure you source share/completion.bash __before__ sourcing git's standard
    completion.

2.  Copy +bin/git-topic-completion+ to your gem env's default bin dir,
    overriding the generated +git-topic-completion+.  Otherwise, autocompletion
    will be too slow to be useful.

3.  Alternatively, install +git-topic+ with the +--no-wrappers+ flag.

==      Misc

At present the binary is stupidly slow.  Actually, the binary is not slow, but
all rubygems binaries are slow.  See ruby issue 3465[1].  One way around this is
to modify your PATH so you invoke the binary directly (instead of the rubygem
wrapper).  Alternatively, put up with a 300ms load time until you have a ruby
with the issue fixed.


==      Note on Patches/Pull Requests

1.  Fork the project.
2.  Make your feature addition or bug fix.
3.  Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
    future version unintentionally.
4.  Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.  (if you want to
    have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I
    can ignore when I pull)
5.  Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

==      Copyright

Copyright © 2010 David J. Hamilton. See LICENSE for details.

==      References

1. http://redmine.ruby-lang.org/issues/show/3465
